arbitrum-bps-of-votable-supply (#1)
gzeoneth/snapshot-strategies: src/strategies/arbitrum-bps-of-votable-supply/README.md

# Arbitrum Bps of Votable Supply

- [Overview](#overview)
- [Options](#options)

## Overview

> This strategy retrun the number of bps (0.01%) of vote a delegate control, which is used to enforce the 0.01% snapshot proposer requirment specified in [The Constitution of the Arbitrum DAO](https://docs.arbitrum.foundation/dao-constitution) with a basic validation module (minScore=1)

Reviewer: Maybe add `(basis points)` next to the first time bps is mentioned, common finance term, but not really elsewhere

Author: ```suggestion
This strategy returns the number of basis points (bps, i.e. 0.01%) of vote a delegate control, which is used to enforce the 0.01% snapshot proposer requirement specified in [The Constitution of the Arbitrum DAO](https://docs.arbitrum.foundation/dao-constitution) with a basic validation module (minScore=1)
```

> This strategy retrun the number of bps (0.01%) of vote a delegate control, which is used to enforce the 0.01% snapshot proposer requirment specified in [The Constitution of the Arbitrum DAO](https://docs.arbitrum.foundation/dao-constitution) with a basic validation module (minScore=1)

Reviewer: `This strategy returns`

Author: ```suggestion
This strategy returns the number of bps (0.01%) of vote a delegate control, which is used to enforce the 0.01% snapshot proposer requirement specified in [The Constitution of the Arbitrum DAO](https://docs.arbitrum.foundation/dao-constitution) with a basic validation module (minScore=1)
```

> Arbitrum use an EXCLUDE_ADDRESS (0x00000000000000000000000000000000000A4B86) to mark non-votable tokens, tokens delegated to the EXCLUDE_ADDRESS will be excluded from votable supply. 

Reviewer: `Arbitrum uses`

Author: ```suggestion
Arbitrum uses an EXCLUDE_ADDRESS (0x00000000000000000000000000000000000A4B86) to mark non-votable tokens, tokens delegated to the EXCLUDE_ADDRESS will be excluded from votable supply. 
```
